update registrationParam to pex mapping (#3624)
nuts-foundation/nuts-node: docs/pages/deployment/discovery.rst

This can be used to provide additional information. All registration parameters are returned by the search API.
The ``authServerURL`` is added automatically by the Nuts node. It's constructed as ``https://<config.url>/oauth2/<subject_id>``.
Registration parameters can only be used if a specific parameters and/or ``DiscoveryRegistrationCredential`` are required by the Presentation Definition.

> The key provided in the POST call can be matched by the path of a field in the Presentation Definition. So ``endpoint`` in the example above can be matched by the path ``$.credentialSubject.endpoint``.

Reviewer: I find the first sentence hard to read.

```suggestion
The registration parameters should match the ``credentialSubject`` definition for the ``DiscoveryRegistrationCredential`` in the Presentation Definition. So ``endpoint`` in the example above can be matched by the path ``$.credentialSubject.endpoint``.
```
